Release r1.1 with 0.1.0-alpha.1 (#34)
camaraproject/ClickToDial: CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: @wrathwolf @rartych and @hdamker don't need to be mentioned as contributors (as the PRs for good reasons also not listed).

Author: Ok, I'll remove them.

Reviewer: Line 485: I haven't reviewed the event and notifications part (and I wouldn't be the wrong person for it), but `org.camaraproject.qod-provisioning.v0.status-changed` seems to be a copy/paste left-over.

## click-to-dial v0.1.0-alpha.1

click-to-dial v0.1.0-alpha.1 is the first pre-release version of the click-to-dial API.
- API definition **with inline documentation**:
  - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/r1.1/code/API_definitions/click-to-dial.yaml&nocors)
  - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/r1.1/code/API_definitions/click-to-dial.yaml)
  - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/click-to-dial.yaml)

## Added

- Update for fall2025 by @YadingFang in [#22](https://github.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/pull/22), [#27](https://github.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/pull/27), [#29](https://github.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/pull/29), [#31](https://github.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/pull/31), [#32](https://github.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/pull/32)
- Create Click to Dial_API.md by @wuhonglin in [#9](https://github.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/pull/9)

> - Add CTD support material by @HanbaiWang  in [#6](https://github.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/pull/6)

Reviewer: I recommend avoiding abbreviations as far as possible:

```suggestion
- Add Click to Dial support material by @HanbaiWang  in [#6](https://github.com/camaraproject/ClickToDial/pull/6)
```
applies also to line 45

Author: I agree. I'll change it.
